perf(p2p): Only update send monitor once per batch packet msg send (#3382)
cometbft/cometbft: .changelog/unreleased/improvements/3382-single-send-monitor-per-packet.md

> - `[p2p]` Only update send monitor once per batch packet msg send

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `[p2p/conn]` Update send monitor, used for sending rate limiting, once per batch of packets sent
```

> - `p2p` perf(p2p): Only update send monitor once per batch packet msg send

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `[p2p]` Only update send monitor once per batch packet msg send
```
